Leonardo F.A.Q.

Q1. What are the prerequisites in order to install Leonardo
Q2. Some flights have takeoffs that are way too far from the actual locations.
Q3. I noticed that the Max Vario and Min Vario values are largely exaggerated (It shows up to +12.5 m/s)
Q4. I have problems inserting pictures to a flight. Is there a permission issue?
Q5. Is there a way to assign categories to the flights, so to make rankings for paraglider
    pilots and for hang-gliding pilots, or to make contests for pilots - say - of the same 
    region or club?
Q6. The OLC submission does not work.



Q1. What are the prerequisites in order to install Leonardo
A1. 1. PHP
    2. Mysql
    3. PHP Nuke OR phpBB running
    4. GD 2.0 or higher installed in PHP (most free hosting dont offer that)
    5. Ability to compile and execute C programs in the web server
    6. 1 -5 Gb Hard disk space on the webserver for the SAT Maps
    7. Lots of Bandwidth
    8. Good CPU on the Webserver
    9. Lots of Memory on the webserver (512 Mininum 1 Gb recommended)
    10. Basic - indermediate computer skills.


Q2. Some flights have takeoffs that are way too far from the actual locations.
A2. You (as an administrator of Leonardo) should put all new takeoffs in the database.
    That way the takeoff location for each flight will be shown correctly.
    log in as administrator, and while viewing a flight you (because of admin rights) 
    can see the takeoff coorditanes so you can copy - paste them into a new record
    on the leonardo_waypoints table.
    Put in field "type" the value 1000 for takeoffs 

    If the location dont show up after the addition of new takeoffs, go to
    each flight logged in as a leonardo admin user and click on "update data" 
    on the flight display screen.


Q3. I noticed that the Max Vario and Min Vario values are largely exaggerated (It shows up to +12.5 m/s)
A3. It is a problem of the gps giving wrong fixes. SOME MLRS do it when they have
    poor reception. I have put a filter to cut extreme values but it needs a little refining.


  
Q4. I have problems inserting pictures to a flight. Is there a permission issue?
A4. Check the flights folder AND all the subfolders within it. For each user there 
    is a seperate subfolder with his user id. All subfolders should be read - write 
    by the user that the webserver runs as. 

Q5. Is there a way to assign categories to the flights, so to make rankings for paraglider
    pilots and for hang-gliding pilots, or to make contests for pilots - say - of the same 
    region or club?
A5. It is on the todo list but it may take some time.



Q6. The OLC submission does not work.
A6. If a flight is not scored it cannot be submitted to OLC via leonardo.
    You must make sure that the scoring is enabled (look in STEP 4 in the 
    installation instructions).

    There is one extra step for the flights to be submited to OLC
    the table leonardo_pilots MUST be filled with the correct data for each pilot
    who wants to use OLC submission. 

    For a valid submission to OLC the pilot should already be registered 
    in the OLC system.
    This can be done at http://www2.onlinecontest.org/olcphp/2005/anm_teilnehmer.php?olc=holc-gr&spr=en 

    If the registration of the pilot is done you as admin must edit the leonardo_pilots table:
      olcFirstName      -> First/Given name as entered in the OLC 
      olcLastName       -> Surname as entered in the OLC 
      olcBirthDate      -> Date of birth in the dd.mm.yy format  as entered in the OLC 
      olcCallSign       -> Pilot's callsign as entered in the OLC 
      olcFilenameSuffix -> If the pilot has already submitted flights to OLC, 
                           the 4 letters he used for the IGC filename.
      olcAutoSubmit     -> If you wish this system to auto submit the pilot's flights to OLC, 
                           and if so, what is the minimum OLC score you want to submit.


